Docs: Add supported features sections and small fixes to Okta SSO+SCIM (#63411)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/identity-governance/integrations/okta/guided-sso.mdx

At this point, you have completed the guided flow for the Okta SSO integration. All users assigned
to the Okta app are now able to log in to Teleport.

## Supported features

> By default Okta SSO integration supports SP-initiated flow. To enable IdP-initiated flow you will have to edit the Okta SAML connector with `tctl edit saml/<Var name="okta" />` and set `spec.allow_idp_initiated` to `true`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
By default, the Okta SSO integration supports the SP-initiated flow. To enable the IdP-initiated flow you will have to:

 1. Edit the Okta SAML connector with the following command:
   ```code
   $ tctl edit saml/<Var name="okta" />
   ``` 
   
 2. In your editor, set `spec.allow_idp_initiated` to `true`.
````

- [Article usage](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/parts-of-speech/articles/)
- Putting the command on its own line so the user can copy it with the code copy button if they want. This also better highlights the fact that these are steps to complete.

## Attribute mapping

> All attributes sent with the SAML assertion will be stored as user's traits which then can be used to build RBAC rules. It is also possible to map SAML attributes to Teleport roles. They can be set in the web UI by editing the Okta SAML connector yaml or using the CLI `tctl edit saml/<Var name="okta" />`.

Reviewer: 👍 I'll suggest ways to expand on the current discussion, in that case.

At this point, you have completed the guided flow for the Okta SSO integration. All users assigned
to the Okta app are now able to log in to Teleport.

## Supported features

By default, the Okta SSO integration supports the SP-initiated flow. To enable the IdP-initiated flow you will have to:

 1. Edit the Okta SAML connector with the following command:
   ```code
   $ tctl edit saml/<Var name="okta" />
   ``` 
   
 2. In your editor, set `spec.allow_idp_initiated` to `true`.

## Attribute mapping

> All attributes sent with the SAML assertion will be stored as user's traits which then can be used to build RBAC rules. It is also possible to map SAML attributes to Teleport roles. They can be set in the web UI by editing the Okta SAML connector yaml or using the CLI `tctl edit saml/<Var name="okta" />`.

Author: I split it into two sections, linked docs to traits, explained how to edit the connector with the web UI, and put `tctl` snippet in a code block https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/63411/commits/928522fc57d1551f1269902d5d3cbf7ba47a8b17
